Tk() - Returns a new Toplevel widget on screen SCREENNAME. A new Tcl interpreter will be created.

Label - Construct a label widget with the parent MASTER.

.grid - Positions a widget in the parent widget in a grid.

Button - Button widget.

state - NORMAL - The button could be clicked by the user
	DISABLE - The button is not clickable
	ACTIVE - Mouse is over the button

text =  Allows you to edit a multiline text and format the way it has to be displayed, such as changing its color and font.

padx - 	puts some space between the button widgets and between the closeButton and the 			right border of the root window.

pady -  puts some space between the button widgets and the borders of the frame and the 		borders of the root window.

command - respond to the button click event

fg - Forground (Text) color (color names, and Hex color Codes)

bg - Background Color (color names, and Hex color Codes)

Entry - Constructs an entry widget with the parent MASTER.

borderwidth - increases the width of the entry widget's border.

.get - Return the text.

.insert - Adds text into the object.

columnspan - How many columns widgetoccupies

lambda - a small anonymous function.

.delete - Delete text from FIRST to LAST

.grid_forget - Unmaps the widget.

sticky - This option determines how to distribute any extra space within the cell that is not taken up by the widget at its natural size

anchor - Defines where text is positioned relative to a reference point.

LabelFrame - Acts as a spacer or container for complex window layouts

Radiobutton - Implements a multiple-choice button

IntVar - Constructs an integer variable.

StrVar - Constructs a string variable.

.set - set a value to a variable.

messagebox - module 

.showinfo - Shows an info message (ok (string))

.showwarning - Shows a warning message (ok (string))

.showerror - Shows an error message (ok (string))

.askquestion - Shows a question message (Yes/No) (string)

.askokcancel - Shows Ok/Cancel message (Ok=1, Cancel=0)

.askyesno - Shows Yes/No message (yes=1, no=2)

.destroy - destroys a widget.

.geometry - Sets geometry to NEWGEOMETRY of the form =widthxheight+x+y. Return current value if None is given.